# Postscript

ArchLinuxStudio always puts the privacy and security of readers first, and continues to make efforts to promote the development of the free software movement, and this `ArchLinux Installation and Use Tutorial` is the initial project of the organization, and we will give the highest priority to ensuring its project quality. It will play a role in bringing more people into the world of free software.

What can free software bring to the masses? This is a question worth exploring in depth. Simply put, it gives enough respect to each user and gives users the right to choose. Proprietary software tramples on users' privacy, dignity, and does countless shameless and dirty acts. In the eyes of these proprietary software, users are just data that can be used, sold and oppressed at will, not a person.

However, what is even more dangerous is that in many totalitarian and authoritarian countries, commercial companies that own proprietary software are in cahoots with these totalitarian and authoritarian governments, not only monitoring people in all aspects, but also secretly arresting and secretly arresting pro-democracy activists and dissidents. persecution. Many times, whenever we witness such an incident, we will sigh that these people have not mastered the use of free software and have not realized the value of free software.

> Where there is oppression, there is resistance.

It is very ironic that this sentence, said today, will shame and fear some political parties in the world. Some people will think it is completely incomprehensible that people and organizations supporting the free software movement are concerned with politics, as if politics were an issue that had nothing to do with them. In fact, this view is very ignorant and stupid. The main goal of the free software movement is to guarantee the freedom and dignity that users deserve. However, in authoritarian countries, people are suppressed and oppressed in all aspects at the electoral level, the financial level, the network level, the speech level, etc., which makes the supporters of the free software movement unable to stand by. For the web, they have developed software that breaks internet blockades, such as V2ray and Shadowsocks, re-giving people the right to freely access the internet. For finance, they have developed the blockchain and the cryptocurrency system that grows on it, re-empowering people to truly control their own property, and to be free from the wealth plunder caused by the government's indiscriminate currency issuance. For administration, election and decision-making, the transparency and immutability of the blockchain ensures that everything is open, transparent and fair. In terms of speech, software such as Mammoth, Telegram, Matrix, etc. re-empowers people to freely express their opinions.

> If you listen to it, it will be bright, and if you believe in it, it will be dark.

This Chinese idiom is very applicable in many ways. Write the code, and after reading the source code of as many similar projects as possible, you will have a better grasp of the project you need to do. Watching news, only by listening to reports from various countries and media in the world, and combining your own thinking, can you come to a more rational conclusion. When making a decision, only after listening to the opinions of the relevant personnel, can a more reasonable and rational decision be made in the interests of more people. However, in authoritarian and totalitarian countries. We don't see any such possibility. The blockade of the Internet makes it difficult or impossible for people in these countries to obtain the world's news information, the latest software and technology, and can only hear and see what authoritarian and totalitarian governments want them to see. Cover people's eyes, ears, and finally sew their mouths. In this case, people will only be more and more deceived, and eventually become extreme and stupid. **We can't do it to see it all, and to be indifferent and stand idly by. **

In fact, there is almost no monetary income for everything we do, which is incomprehensible to many people who believe in the philosophy of putting money first. Of course, this just shows that we are fundamentally different from these people. A scholar must be courageous and have a long way to go. Many people's ambition is to make money, but not here.

Later, there will be other tutorials to meet readers, and ArchLinuxStudio will continue to develop various free software and various tools that can achieve "Equal Internet access for all." It's just that due to human and economic reasons, we can't guarantee the speed of the update, but we can guarantee that our speed may be very slow, but it will never stop.

---

Proprietary software for evil, totalitarian government surveillance, arrest and persecution, keep pace with the world's largest Great Firewall, "We won 🎉!"
